Hola!  Sorcerers of Cipher ,

I'm really grateful that my college NIT HAMIRPUR itself conducted an electrothon⚡ and We got the opportunity to attend it. As a freshman it's my first step towards the beginning of a new area of driving into the world of technology. 
On the very first day of electrothon we had a very warm start by the organizers Team SPEC showcasing there overall journey✈.  The arena there was full of techies and we are newbies to this arena but the driving factor was the goal to make a successful project and to prove our team to be the best among the veterans. After that The hacking💻💀begins!!! 
We  team BERSERK started brainstorming that can we create something which can be make easily available to the end users and also encounters the problem of dark patterns.
On day 2 we were ready again to tackle the veterans in the arena and after a very healthy breakfast we had our another hacking session followed by a captivating workshop on web 3.0 by Sahitya sir and that energetic session by Prakhar Tripathi, Oh my god it was mind blowing🤯.His words were fuel ⛽ which ignited our brain. The day was full of up's and down as the first evaluation round was there but the most exciting part was to interacting with the competitors and knowing what they're doing. 

Winning and Losing is a part of life,either we win Or  lose it doesn't matter,what matters is that this electrothon has ignited  my inner coder and boosted my confidence to participate in future such events.
At last a very heartfelt gratitude for the organizers,The Real Supes TEAM SPEC who gave us the opportunity to have an unforgettable memory for life. Their dedication to foster a supportive environment for everyone is truly commendable. I'm also grateful for the mentors who helped us in our project and shared their valuable feedback. 
Lastly thanks a lot to the organizers for their thoughtful gestures during the electrothon by providing us with  delicious😋 snacks and refreshing beverages

Thank You
Team Berserk